this is a fascinating little guitar
study of course nick drake road from his
1972 album pink moon and there's very
thing going on with the left hand a lot
going on with the right hand and some
really specific things that have to go a
certain way and then a lot of things
that can have a lot of variations in it
some of the notes don't really matter
which string you hit there's this kind
of just droning constant flow of it just
rolling along there are critical notes
and most of those are played as bass
notes with your thumb so we're gonna
take a look at this there are just three
short parts I just played two of them
there will break in well good we'll get
into all the parts this is a very short
song there's one verse that he sings I
don't think I mean we're not even going
to dress the words and worry about
trying to put that all together mostly
just wanted to give you the opportunity
to play rode and develop your right hand
into something that you have a little
bit better control over so in the next
segment we'll talk about the right hand
and the left hand or maybe we'll break
it up into different things the left
hand part is very short and then we'll
just take a look at the a section the B
section and the c section and then at
the end have some really well hopefully
some really good tips about how you can
really play this coming up Nick Drake
Road